Hey, Zhenka
The rent you gave before was intermittent
How could there be such a card?
If you don't believe
You look for those stores nearby.
Go and try it and you'll know
Good idea.
Let's go to the most luxurious shopping mall in Longhai City
Come on.
What do you want to buy?
Do you have any discounted clothes on the shore?
Discounted?
Sir, all our clothes are on sale.
Forget it, let's go
Look at you
I'm afraid I can't even afford these things
Who says I can't afford it?
If you can afford it, why do you pick these discounted ones?
Forget it, Fang Chen's brother
Sister knows that it is not easy for you to make money with your life
Come on, I'll treat you to dinner
Sister Tan, you misunderstood me.
I mean besides these discounted clothes
I have all the other clothes in this store.
All inclusive
Do you know how much these all wrapped up will cost?
Taller than you all sir
Are you sure except for these discounted ones?
Do you want other products?
Yeah, swipe.